Want me to die without a burial
You're not qualified to say anything
He is not qualified for the Thunder God of War
That plus me, the hard-to-meet master
The God of War with the title black talisman is not enough
Interesting that
The Greedy Wolf God of War who once slaughtered more than 3,000 people
Qualified enough
Far from it
Plus the hands of my four gods of war
The invincible king of the Northern Yuan, even if the weak are in groups
Still a mob
vulnerable
deity
Killing you is like killing a chicken
Do you know these four gods of war?
Each one is a leader
The existence of the guardian side?
You reflect them like this
Do you want to pierce the sky?
It's just them
Not worthy of sisters
This person is also crazy
Don't run aground for your blade
Since he wants to die
Then we will fulfill
Shot at the same time in this war
This is a sight we haven't seen in a hundred years
This farce should also come to an end
Die
Stop me